so one two just post this video there's
the Teraflex 9550 stern stabilizer that
I just put on probably maybe about an
hour ago it was pretty simple everything
is you can use all the factory bolts and
now you just pretty much take the other
one out and stick this one in its place
and bolt everything back up I'm gonna
tell you if you haven't put one of these
on your Jeep it makes a significant
difference in the driving I just took it
out the road and while I'm very
impressed the steering is uh it's a lot
tighter and you can tell a huge
difference in the in the steering and
how this thing tightens everything up I
mean I did have a little bit of play it
felt like in the steering wheel going
over bumps this thing this thing man
it's awesome I thought I can say it made
my Jeep
feel like a like it like it just rolled
off the factory floor with how its
driving now I'm very impressed and you
know I got it from from Danny at Rock
Raiders so if you guys are interested
just hit him up and giving me a business
he hooked me up man and I enjoy it but
pretty much this uh that boat there and
there's another boat on the other side
50 foot-pounds of torque is what it
recommends in the instructions so you
know just torque it down real good and
there it is just way better than stop so
hit him up get you one man there's a
Jamie Jeep mod nation